README.md, before:

# CapsuleX — Frontend
CapsuleX is a privacy-first web application that allows users to send anonymous messages to people via email without revealing their identity. 
This is the frontend repository of CapsuleX, built using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. It connects to a secure backend to deliver one-way, anonymous communication.

# Features
- Minimal, elegant UI with dark theme
- Anonymous message sending via email or phone
- Responsive across devices
- Splash screen transitions
- User authentication (signup/login)
- Message history dashboard
- About & legal information pages

# Deployment
This repository is deployed via GitHub Pages.  
To update the site:
> bash
git add .
git commit -m "Update frontend"
git push

# Developer
Kevin Antony — Full-stack Developer & Creator of CapsuleX.
Logo design: Nishanth Antony

# License
This project is protected by copyright.
You may not reproduce, reuse, or redistribute any portion of this site without permission.

# Live Site
https://capsule-x.netlify.app

Commit message:

Revise license terms in README
Updated copyright notice and redistribution terms.

README.md, after:

# CapsuleX — Frontend
CapsuleX is a privacy-first web application that allows users to send anonymous messages to people via email without revealing their identity. 
This is the frontend repository of CapsuleX, built using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. It connects to a secure backend to deliver one-way, anonymous communication.

# Features
- Minimal, elegant UI with dark theme
- Anonymous message sending via email or phone
- Responsive across devices
- Splash screen transitions
- User authentication (signup/login)
- Message history dashboard
- About & legal information pages

# Deployment
This repository is deployed via GitHub Pages.  
To update the site:
> bash
git add .
git commit -m "Update frontend"
git push

# Developer
Kevin Antony — Full-stack Developer & Creator of CapsuleX.
Logo design: Nishanth Antony

# License
Frontend code © 2025 **Kevin Antony**  
All rights reserved. Redistribution or replication is not permitted without written consent.

# Live Site
https://capsule-x.netlify.app
